How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

I only had to read through 3 lines, not 30.

Lesson 1 was on diff
Diff is the Basis of Git and Versioning

On the way I learned a lot:
Use the Command Line
See System Files
Find answers in the internet
For example escaping spaces in file names
where my application files are saved
how to see all files in a directory
how to adapt a path
how to create a file without an ending
and that command line and linux is case sensitiv

and i started this git course because i need it to set up my virtual machine for the create an web app course
afterwards i will have to get familiar with python
three things to know
creating a method
creating a class
inheritance

and get familiar with sql
insert into
select
update
delete

and css and html

super nice!
after creating the menu app i will create my own version of the earth.org light app

bigyes!




How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I can try out something and if it does not work go back to the latest working version





What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

pros
	I can create a commit (a Version) after a logical step
	I can write a comment to it

cons
	I might forget to commit changes and some of my work might get lost
	I might make a commit too large, therefore too many things changed and a bug is hard to find
	I might commit too late and Versions get mixed up when pthers work on similar files at the same time
	Commit at least every evening





Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because Git is designed to serve documents, that are interrelated.
Therefore Git works with repositories - a collection of files that belong together
GDocs are stand alone.




How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

to use git log I have to be in the directory of defined as repository ( I suppose)
git log shows me all the commits
git diff shows me the lines edited between two commits






How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I can commmit a state i am happy with and afterwards try new stuff, always knowing I can come back to happy land.
I do not need to worry about not remebering wht i changed. Awesome




Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Fix the androids game










